Update "data.yml" with the information currently in "index.html". Do not run the onsave utility yet as it will overwrite the index.html. Once completed, proceed to copy index.html as reference_index.html, then run the the onsave command to generate a new index.html and ensure it matches reference_index.html. The onsave util is going to keep running in watch mode so it will need to run in the background will a frivilous change is made to data.yml and then un-done just so that it updates the file (please don't hang). The onsave command is my creation, it's in ~/go/bin/onsave, and it does not have any subcommands like "help" - if you do that it will also hang in watch mode.


Write a program that takes arbitrary text describing a job posting as input, and generates a directory under ./curated titled as
`{date}_{company}_{position}` with the following files:
- data.yaml - likely data.yaml in the root of the project, but more
  curated to the specific job posting
- resume.html - the resume template, copied from resume.html in the root
  of this project
- style.sass - also copied from the root of this project
- index.html - generated by running `~/go/bin/onsave gotmpl resume.html data.yaml index.html` in the created directory.

The program will created the curated files using AI. If the `claude` command can be used non-interactively that's the best approach because
agent orchestration is already handled for us. The creation of files and
running of commands will be handled by the program and not AI.

Use Python to write this program.
